# Managing tennis club website

#

# File: README.md

# Version: 0.1

# Authors: Mohamed El Mokhtar Sidi Abdallah <mohamed-el-mokhtar.sidi-abdallah@ecole.ensicaen.fr>
#
# Last update: 2023-04-06


## Introduction

The website is designed for managing a tennis club, allowing users to create accounts and sign up for or withdraw from tennis tournaments at their discretion.

You could see the project parts interactions [here](/src/main/resources/structure.png). 
This project was developed with the intention of applying the knowledge and skills acquired in Java technologies (J2EE...) and the domain of website security at ENSICAEN.

To test or reuse the code, a database like this [database](/src/main/resources/BDD.png) must be created. If desired, the database's structure and variable types can be viewed by examining the entities contained in the fr.ensicaen.sidiabdallah.entities package.

## Project structure

- The fr.ensicaen.sidiabdallah.entities package contains the database entities generated by Hibernate from the tables in the database.

- The fr.ensicaen.sidiabdallah.servlets package contains all of the website's servlets.

- The fr.ensicaen.sidiabdallah.appli package contains the singleton class DataBase, which allows HQL queries to be made on the database. Additionally, this package contains the Haching class, which handles all password hashing, verification, and the generation of a unique membership number for each user. It also includes a Dialecte class that manages and corrects any issues that may arise from the presence of a hyphen in the user's database connection identifier (as in my case).
- The directory webapp contains the jsp, html and css files.


## Developement environment

This project was constructed using Maven, developed in IntelliJ, and employs Tomcat as the server and Hibernate as the database mapping framework.
To connect to the database, simply modify the connection data in the persistance.xml file.






